I'll join the cheer team.
I want to help you, in any way I can.
Your feelings would only trouble Ichinose.
How can I surpass Ren?
You have to believe you're giving up for a better cause.
I don't like Ren anymore.
I'm going to confess to Kinoshita after Sports Day today.
[Hikarigasaki High School - Sports Day]
Students participating in Pole-Toppling,
please gather on the grounds.
Alright, let's do this!
You guys got this.
I repeat, all students participating in...
I'll do my best.
Especially if you're cheering, Kinoshita.
What? What just happened?
Ninako, you might have a chance!
Actually...
it's not like that with Ren.
I don't know how to put it, but...
It's not like that anymore.
- What do you mean?
- What's not like that?
I just don't like him the same way anymore.
But you were just saying you wanted to be his girlfriend!
Now, now, let's trust Ninako on this, okay?
What happened to being bothered by the possibility
of Kinoshita liking another guy?
You're the one who said swaying her affections
makes it a non-issue.
That wasn't meant to be advice.
I don't want to lose her to anyone.
On your marks, get set...
Well, I'm not backing down either.
I'm knocking that pole down!
You guys got this!
Get it together, Ando.
Damn it...
Go, go!
I wouldn't want to pull those two apart. Don't you agree?
I have to give up on him.
I have to erase these feelings of mine.
But...
My heart can't help but insist I love Ren.
Each cheer squad will now be performing their cheer routine.
[Episode 5]
What's up, Kinoshita?
You don't look so good.
I'm just a bit nervous.
You'll be fine. We practiced for this.
You're going to show your crush
how hard you've been working, right?
Sir.
Yeah.
Kinoshita, it's time.
Right.
Alright everyone, let's go.
Yes, sir!
I have to do my best. I chose to do this.
- I see Ninako.
- Where?
There, in the back.
I see her!
Team D! We will now cheer!
For your victory!
Go! Go! Team D!
I have a crush on Ren.
But I can't tell him about it.
My heart and my mind are totally out of sync.
Why can't I say a thing to the people I care about?
I just want to preserve this status quo.
I don't know what's right anymore.
Kinoshita? Kinoshita!
Is she okay? Let's get her to Mr. Hoshina.
Someone carry her to the nurse's office, quick!
How's Ninako?
Mr. Hoshina says she's okay. She's just resting up now.
- And Ren?
- He's going to wait for her to wake up.
Alright.
Where are you going, Takumi?
I have to get ready for the relay race.
Right, good luck!
Who's the first-year who's passing the baton to me?
The first-year for team D?
That'd be me.
What?
But you weren't on the list of participants.
I'm subbing in for the girl who was supposed to run.
She got hurt.
Yeah, right. What are you plotting now?
Mao!
I'm so, so sorry about this.
It's fine. Stay off your leg, okay?
Yeah, I will. Good luck out there.
Thanks.
I'm sorry.
You don't need to apologize.
- No, that was totally...
- It's fine. Don't apologize.
More importantly, was Ninako okay?
She's resting up right now.
But she'll be bummed when she wakes up.
If our team loses, I bet she'd blame herself.
We have to win.
- Please, don't sabotage...
- I know.
I'll run.
I'll be heading back to our first aid tent.
Okay.
Looks like she exerted herself a bit too much.
And all so her crush would see her working hard.
She's an admirable girl, isn't she?
Kinoshita has a crush on someone at our school?
Yeah.
I see.
Is that a surprise?
Manabu said it was someone he didn't know,
so I assumed otherwise.
I think that was a lie.
I bet it's someone you, me, and Manabu all know well.
On your marks, get set...
- You got this!
- Our team is in second place!
Go, go, go!
She's actually giving it her all.
Mao!
You're almost there! You can do this!
Great job.
He's fast.
He managed to pass two people!
Do you know where you are?
Sir, Kinoshita's awake.
You're looking better already.
What happened?
You collapsed during the cheer routine.
Kinoshita?
I screwed up.
A cheerleader fainted in front of the team? I can only laugh.
I guess it's not worth trying something new after all.
Sorry to make you worry about me.
I'm going to rest here a bit longer.
You should get back out there, Ren.
Alright.
Take it easy, okay?
I will, thanks.
I haven't managed to accomplish anything I set out to do.
I've only lied to all the people I care about.
I hate this.
I hate feeling like this.
Just let me disappear.
Mao!
Do your scrapes hurt that badly?
You should go to the first aid tent.
I'm sorry.
I told Ninako.
About your past with Ichinose.
I thought...
I thought if I told her, she wouldn't get any closer to him.
I don't like Ren anymore.
Everyone's so obsessed with Ren these days, aren't they?
Not me.
I...
I like you, Takumi.
What?
As we were dating...
I grew to like you more, and more.
I realized love can bloom through a relationship, too.
But when I saw Ichinose in that classroom...
I recalled how I used to feel about him.
I had no idea what I was doing in the moment.
I've regretted my impulsiveness ever since.
Then why did you tell Ninako about my past with Ren?
Because I wanted to do something for you.
And the only way I thought I could help,
was by getting in their way.
I knew you would never forgive me.
So I didn't think I'd care if you hated me even more.
But when you called my name during the race...
I suddenly loathed myself for how little I could actually do.
I'm sorry.
Were you hurting this entire time?
Then we'll call it even.
Now I know the girl I loved wasn't as coldhearted as I thought.
And that's enough for me.
I've had my share of regrets, too.
I should have tried harder back then.
Take care.
Takumi.
I haven't done all this for an entirely selfless reason.
I want things to go well with you and Ninako,
so my own guilt will be alleviated, too.
So please...
Please don't give up on Ninako.
What a devious ally I have.
This concludes the Hikarigasaki High Sports Day.
I repeat.
I'm sorry for the trouble and worry I caused you, Mr. Hoshina.
Thank you for letting me stay here.
"I hate feeling like this. Just let me disappear."
I had another patient say the exact same thing the other day.
And he just won first place in the relay race.
You'll find the confidence to run without hesitating. I promise.
Kinoshita?
Are you feeling alright?
Yeah. I'm all better now.
You know, our team ended up winning today.
- Really?
- Yeah.
We owe it all to Ando.
That's great.
Kinoshita.
I have something I want to tell you.
Sorry, but I have to go apologize to the cheer team first.
Kinoshita.
I like you.
Even if there's someone else you like, I want you to choose me.
I love you.
What he's saying to me now...
are the words I've wanted to hear all this time.
Kinoshita, we're having an afterparty with the cheer team at...
Sorry.
When do you think your afterparty will end?
I think we'll wrap up by 7PM.
I'll wait for you at the station.
Give me your response then.
Listen, Ninako.
Yeah?
- Did Ren...
- Could we get more chips?
And another glass of juice as well.
Coming right up.
Sorry to make you work today, Ando. You must be tired.
I'm fine.
Alright, team. It's almost 7PM, so let's wrap it up, yeah?
Yes, sir!
Any of you who wants to stay longer,
contact your guardians, okay?
Great work today, team.
Sir, where did Ninako go?
She just left.
Ninako!
Ando?
[Season 2 Finale]
[Next Episode]
I'm not leaving until you answer me.
I feel my chest squeeze. I feel my heart ache.
I feel tearful for no reason.
And I feel pain, like something is stabbing through my heart.
I found another reason to love him.
[Epilogue]
Do you still feel a bit dizzy?
No, I'm fine now.
I'm just a bit uncertain.
And here I told myself I wouldn't waver anymore. How pathetic.
Folks who are sure of themselves are admirable,
but it's easier said than done, huh?
Do you ever find yourself wavering as well?
Of course.
With my parents getting older,
I often wonder if I should be living closer to them.
Or if I should quit this unstable job,
and return to being a regular office worker.
Compared to your worries...
my anxieties about romance seem trivial.
There's no ranking when it comes to what troubles people have.
If this crush is weighing on your heart, then it matters to you.